if you put some extra pounds on over the
holidays don't worry too much because
we're revealing the tips to lose your
body fat for good today
now Krissy waves 265 pounds but there's
another very important number everyone
needs to know and that's your body fat
percentage so we're going to find out
Chrissy's right now by using this hydro
static tank and joining us is David
Shannon president of fitness wave David
thank you so much for joining us from
thank you for having me and a lot of
people don't really understand this
technology but it's pretty simple right
we're very simple actually so your
body's fat actually tends to float and
I'm gonna show you in this canister so
this is about 20 percent oil here and
watch when I flip this over the oil
wants to rise to the top they're gonna
have you hold that right there problem
this is one where it's about 32% oils so
there's more more oil much like in the
body again the fat rises to the top and
what you're doing is you're able to
compare someone's dry weight versus
their water weight because muscles and
bone are denser than water so they'll
actually sink into the water the fat
will rise above that so you can figure
out that percentage that's fat and we
can do that with Christy right now to
figure out what her actual percentages
right you got it
so Lily takes a few minutes to do the
base where to have you on the rack here
like you're gonna push up basically
we're have your hands on the far end of
the rack your toes lock down here I'm
gonna place you up on to the scale when
you're ready you want to expel out that
air as fast and as hard as you can once
you're out of air hold it for a few
seconds I'll get a quick reading once I
get a reading on there I'll give you a
tap come on up now used to be a lighting
class oh I got ya got ya
so once you climb on it nice and slow
for me we'll get you hooked up we'll see
exactly what your body fat is good
perfect lock the toes in there
all right Chris what have you ready
relax
start blowing out that air go down and
let it rip it's fast and as hard as you
can for me
good keep blowing keep blowing keep
blowing keep blowing for me
keep blowing there you go let me get a
quick reading on there excellent they're
nothing - how was it let's do that all
right we got towels for you so how did
that feel it was okay your results you
have any idea what your body fat
percentages No
so forty four point one percent body fat
okay and that's important because you
have a hundred and seventeen point three
pounds of fat on your frame anything and
that 44.1% anything over forty percent
is considered morbidly obese here's
where we want you to be your goal body
fat is twenty two percent so we need to
cut your body fat percentage in half but
we can do that do you believe that you
can do this I know you can you do it and
we're gonna help you do this okay we're
gonna help you do this so this is the
current state of pushing power and we're
going to set you off this game
hope you include not only your body fat
percentage but your overall health
get those cholesterol numbers down your
blood sugar levels down so we're gonna
hook chrissy up with nutritionist
patricia Bannon she's gonna help you
figure out your diabetes so the fresh
diet is going to deliver you fresh
gourmet meals for an entire year
to get you even healthier and you're
going to supply you with a personal
trainer for the entire next year and
fitness weight we're also gonna throw in
hydrostatic body fat tests as many as
you need throughout this year to keep
track of your goals to the ounce of what
you're doing no problem are you ready
are you gonna come back on the show and
show us the moon with you and your kids
and your husband be dead out wait I'm
gonna track your progress okay how
exciting thank you so much thank you for
me I know you are I cannot wait